So I'm doing this in real time. I'll let you know how it goes. I went to customer John Smith. I clicked on that little icon. Clicked enable portal access. Great. It says portal access enabled. Client can now access portal. Username john.smith at example.com. Password capital J John. I click close. And then it says portal access status disabled. Should say enable there. I'm going to continue with the rest of the workflow. I don't know if that was this error with updating the UI or the backend or code is accurate with that. Just keep note of that before I test the rest of this. If it doesn't work, I'm going to call you a fucking moron. Okay, fantastic. I was completely wrong. It did work. The login worked. So please don't fuck anything up at this point. But you know where it says kitchen renovation? This is, this whole software is for a flooring contractor. So what we need to adjust now before we head to the next steps are, you know, implementing his line items or like his types of jobs, whether that be tile, hardwood floors, luxury vinyl, etc, etc. And for that quote creation process, kind of having, just for demonstration purposes, some standard pricing per square foot or whatever. So when I'm creating that estimate, we already have like some plug-and-play stuff that creates the estimate. You know what I'm saying? Then a couple clarifying questions for you. Right now, at what... Never mind, I know at what stage the portal access gets created when I click create it, but... I clicked on a contact that you set up originally instead of one I tested. Currently, is their estimate in there? Because I want to kind of nail down, let's say I create a contact. I then create an estimate for them. Will their estimate be in that portal? And I guess that's the first step is yes or no, because if it is, then we can kind of go through the next steps of like nailing down their next step of a contract or accepting that estimate, not accepting an estimate, etc. And uh... We're gonna go from there, I guess. 